In the middle of your course homepage, you'll find your list of assignments.
This allows you to easily view the assignment type, as well as the start and due dates.
Connect offers a variety of assignment types, allowing your instructor to set specific policies
for each, such as number of attempts, time limits, late submission allowances, and feedback.
To view these assignment details, click on the arrow at the end of the assignment line.
important to carefully review the assignment details before starting the assignment.
Some assignments, for example, only allow a limited number of attempts or have a time limit,
so be careful before jumping in.
When you are truly ready to begin the assignment, click on begin.
In some cases, your instructor allows the use of resources for assignment completion.
These prompts will be located on the left side of the page and below the question.
The references icon provides information about the question type your question and then use the navigation buttons to move on to the other questions Remember your assignment may be timed in which case the clock will still run even if you choose to save and exit the assignment
If it is not timed, you may click save and exit at any time to save your work and return to it later.
When you've completed the assignment, click the submit button,
followed by the exit button to return to the main menu.
In addition to homework, quizzes, and exams, Connect offers a unique assignment called SmartBook.
SmartBook provides personalized learning to you as an individual, continually adapting to pinpoint where you need help to ensure that you master the course content.
SmartBook takes the guesswork out of what to study and helps you better prepare for class.
And with the Read Anywhere mobile app, you can now read and complete SmartBook 2.0 assignments, both online and offline.
If your instructor has assigned smart book, you can learn more in a search.
separate smart book tutorial.